1) The theoretical time complexity of my algorithms are for addition and subtraction are O(N/P) which is the elements within the matrix N and the amount of nodes being used for P. Best case would be O(1) and worst would be O(N). The time complexity for the inner product it would be O(2N/P) because we scatter the amount of elements across two vectors that are found on each P node. The best case would be O(1) where little to no processing is required to produce an outcome. where the wost case would be O(2N) because there are some instances when you only use one node and that singular node is doing all the calculations and processes alone. The Transpose is simial to the addition and subtractions best and worst time complexities where it has a best of O(1) and a worst of O(N). Then for Gauss Jordan it should be O(N*(N/P)) this is because we have to itterate through the matrix over each row and scatter two rows of different matrices.

2) The nodes to not perfectly divide up the work as if you have a matrix that is 5x5 if you have 6 nodes doing work on it then itll be difficult to have each node handle the data spread out evenly there will always be one node with an extra row or column

3) What are some real-world software examples that would need the above routines? Why? Would they benefit greatly from using your distributed code? Some real world examples on who could use my code are mathmaticians trying to solve massive matricies because there gets to a point when a certain amount of memory on something like a calculator becomes inadequate and higher computational power is needed. They could benefit from using it because since it is paralelized the time it takes to do most calculations is quicker than those done in serial.

4) As of right now I had managed to fix the multiplication matrix but in the event that there is a 0 in a specific spot in the matrix it will error out due to a dividing by zero issue with the Gauss Jordan method if there are no zeros to be found with the matrix itll produce an output but will have some memory errors and leaks.

